CORE-9451 simplify crypto service configuration handling (#3025)
corda/corda-runtime-os: components/configuration/README.md

> Corda makes use of the [typesafe config](https://github.com/lightbend/config) configuration library. We extend

Reviewer: I think let's remove this README file from here and lets make it a confluence wiki page. Then we can review there and potentially add it back here. I think, it is currently very detailed making it a bit hard to follow. Also might become obsolete if any of the steps changes.

Reviewer 2: I think some of this is already captured in the github wiki, so may you're right, maybe it should go there.

Author: It's not clear that there's any reason to keep this internal. I agree it is tightly coupled to the code, which was one reason I put it here. I'm not sure how the github wiki handles branching, but usually wikis aren't good at that,  so the reason we still have significant detail in the READMEs is to give us the opportunity and encouragement to keep it in sync with the code.  Github wikis are good for point-in-time text. 

I don't think any of the detail here is irrelevant (and feel free to quibble on particular clauses in the text if you disagree) if you want to understand how configuration works, and configuration is important.  Simplification would be welcome, although I don't see much opportunity given our requirements.

Reviewer 2: The Github wiki isn't internal.

I think the question is really about how many places we have developer documentation in.

I agree it doesn't feel right to be here as it is inconsistent with other documentation.
I feel like it's too  much detail as well, which will go out of date quickly, but I appreciate that's subjective.

it with a notion of secret configuration values, where secret management can be implemented by a range of
different secrets service backends. This repository provides one implementation of the secrets service
that stores encrypted secrets, but external addons may be loaded via OSGi which for instance could read andw
write to external secrets stores.

`SmartConfig` inherits the basic approach of typesafe config, which is to take data sources (e.g. JSON files) at
run time, and provide convenient access functions which throw exceptions if the requested configuration is
missing, or has the wrong type. This makes it concise and convenient to pass around `SmartConfig` instances and
look up data on them where needed, without needing explicit type conversion or error checking code. This approach
to configuration is dynamic; neither the IDE nor the compiler can tell if the wrong name or type is used. It
feels more like Python than Java.

Corda is dynamic enough that the configuration needs to be dynamic as well. For instance, in some situations,
Corda can create new database credentials which we store in the configuration system. So as well as external

> soruces of configuration, we also write configuration records to a to Kafka so that they can be passed around multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sources of configuration, we also write configuration records to Kafka so that they can be passed around multiple
```

Author: done, thanks

instances of a Corda worker.

Corda configuration follows a
[JSON schema in cordapi.git/data/config-schema](https://github.com/corda/corda-api/tree/release/os/5.0/data/config-schema)
.
We have code here to check compliance with the schema and fill in defaults based on schema defaults.

Typically, this is the sequence for initialisation of configuration:

1. A worker starts as a top level JVM command line program, via OSGi, and gets its command line arguments.
   This might be a single-purpose worker such as the RPC worker, or, in the non-production local development mode  
   might be the combined worker.
2. `WorkerHelpers.getBootstrapConfig` is called to put together a validated smart config object. This
   bootstrap configuration will typically be incomplete since it will only contain keys specified on the command line,
   rather than all keys specified in the JSON schema of the configuration in the `corda-api.git/data/config-schema`,

>    but what is in it is guaranteed to match the schema, or else this step will fail.

Reviewer: I believe when you say "all keys specified" you mean dynamic config coming in from RPC. So different than bootstrap config. I think this section might be a bit misleading.

Author: I don't think it's misleading, and I'm not sure what you are getting at.
